alright I'm Nicolas and this is gonna be
my video on how to add Japanese to your
keyboard on your tablet or computer
whichever one you decide to use and it's
pretty simple and easy but yeah I just
got my search topic today and I need
Japanese okay so the first step is turn
your tablet on now let it focus real
quick alright and then we're gonna
unlock the screen so now what you do is
you slide from right to left settings oh
that's not setting some clothes at uh
settings right here go to change PC
settings you're gonna be in general and
after you're in general click you can
scroll down to where we had it was
languages and click the language
preference it's still a little bright
let me turn it down real quick alright
now that we're in language preference
what we're gonna do is add a language
make this bigger oh now you see it's my
finger on small screen alright so now
that we're in language purposes you can
start for your language or you can just
type it in some look for Japanese right
there click it enter all new clothes
without their phone and it's added so
now but it'll translate
I don't I'm never clicking this right
yet there we go
and click Japanese
you know here we go clutter wah Sugoi
desu boom this is awesome
and that's it part 2 we'll be putting
your whole tablet in Japanese or
computer